68 20230929 replication finalisation (#2160)
kanidm/kanidm: book/src/repl/deployment.md

# Deployment

<!-- deno-fmt-ignore-start -->

{{#template ../templates/kani-warning.md
imagepath=../images
title=WARNING

> text=Replication is a newely developed feature. This means it requires manual configuration and careful monitoring. You should keep backups if you choose to proceed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
text=Replication is a newely developed feature. This means it requires manual configuration and careful monitoring. You should take regular backups if you choose to proceed.
```
